__TOC__  

==Never change the name of a remove handler==
When you register a remove handler with a piece of code like this:
```
virtualMachineController.OnRemove(ctx, name, sync)
```
The name you supply is used to generate a finalizer on resources. If you change that name, then after a user upgrades Harvester, the controller will not match the finalizer for resources from before the upgrade and they will not be delete-able.

==Retrieve resources from a cache==
When you want to get or list resources, you should retrieve from a cache. It helps to reduce the overhead of apiserver.

==DeepCopy for modifications==

When retrieving an object from a K8S cache (ie a lister or a custom index) you MUST deepCopy that object if you are going to modify it. If you don't you are corrupting the cached copy and negatively impacting other handlers/api components that use it. Example:
```
func (h *Handler) syncVM(vmi *v1.VirtualMachineInstance) error {
	vm, err := h.vmCache.Get(vmi.Namespace, vmi.Name)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	toUpdateVM := vm.DeepCopy()
	if toUpdateVM.Annotations == nil {
		toUpdateVM.Annotations = make(map[string]string)
	}
	toUpdateVM.Annotations[util.AnnotationTimestamp] = time.Now().Format(time.RFC3339)

	_, err = h.vms.Update(toUpdateVM)
	return err
}
```

==Be mindful of ERROR logging==
Users alert on Harvester logs that are at ERROR level. Only log something at error if you expect a user to take action on it

==Good commit messages==

Commit message subject lines should be 50 characters or less. Commit body lines should be 72 characters or shorter. Have meaningful commit messages that explain the problem and the solution. Use this as a guide: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

==Branch name should not be too long==

When creating any dev branches, it is recommended to name the branch with a meaningful name but not too long. If the length of the branch name is longer than 47 characters, though the build will pass (we're planning to add some checks to fail the build in the early time), it will cause problems in the runtime later:

```bash
helm history harvester -n harvester-system
REVISION        UPDATED                         STATUS  CHART                                                                                   APP VERSION                                                            DESCRIPTION

1               Mon Sep 12 10:31:51 2022        failed  harvester-0.0.0-2431-feature-check-version-compatibility-during-an-upgrade-6a66cad      2431-feature-check-version-compatibility-during-an-upgrade-6a66cad     Release "harvester" failed: ServiceAccount "harvester" is invalid: [metadata.labels: Invalid value: "2431-feature-check-version-compatibility-during-an-upgrade-6a66cad": must be no more than 63 characters, metadata.labels: Invalid value: "harvester-0.0.0-2431-feature-check-version-compatibility-during-an-upgrade-6a66cad": must be no more than 63 characters]
```